.\" Manpage for backup.
.\" To view this man page you can execute: nroff -man backup.manpage | less
.\" Contact jonatan.mv@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.

.TH man 1 "2012-12-01" "v1.0" "backup.sh man page"

.SH NAME
backup.sh \- synchronize files and filder to external USB disk or remote rsync server via ssh

.SH SYNOPSIS
backup.sh is a shell script for backing up folders and files using rsync or external USB drive.

.SH DESCRIPTION
backup reads the backup.conf, backup.include and backup.exclude text files and then syncronizes folders and files acording those configuration text files.

.SH OPTIONS
You can configure the behaviour via text files. This config files are:
"backup.conf" --> General configuration file with backup destination definition.
INCLUDE ("include.txt") --> Includes the files and foldes to be synched.
EXCLUDE ("exclude.txt") --> Includes the files you don't want to be synched.

.SH EXAMPLE
An example of execution (after configuration files are done) is quite simple: "sh backup.sh".
This backup can be added to the cron in order to make if automatic.

.SH SEE ALSO
rsync(1) cron(8)

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
Jonatan Morales <jonatan.mv@gmail.com>

.SH INSTALL

.SS Linux or Mac
To install the bakup.sh utility in Linux os Mac:
.br
1. Create the folder /opt/backup.sh
.br
2. Copy the backup.sh file to the created folder /opt/backup.sh/
.br
3. Copy the backup.conf file to /opt/backup.sh/
.br
4. Edit and personalize the config file (read the sample backup.conf to understand the different parameters available)
.br
5. Create the INCLUDE (include.txt) file in /opt/backup.sh/ folder
.br
6. Create the EXCLUDE (exclude.txt) file in /opt/backup.sh/ folder
.br

.SS Windows
For windows users you can install the cygwin software and then follow the previous steps
